Revise docs for removed in-tree volume plugins (#49747)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes.md

zones and should be used as a replacement for the `zone` and `zones` parameters for the
supported plugins.

> {{% code_sample language="yaml" file="storage/storageclass/storageclass-topology.yaml" %}}

Reviewer: For this, I think we should change the file `storage/storageclass/storageclass-topology.yaml` (rather than convert this to a plain code sample without the ability to copy to clipboard, etc).

apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  name: standard
provisioner: your-provisioner
volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
allowedTopologies:
- matchLabelExpressions:
  - key: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
    values:
    - zone1
    - zone2
```

Here's an outline of some important fields within the [StorageClass](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/config-and-storage-resources/storage-class-v1/) API:
- `provisioner`: See [`Provisioner`](/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/#provisioner) for details.
- `allowedTopologies`: Defines the constraints for the allowed topologies. In this example, it's based on zone.
- `matchLabelExpressions`: Specify selectors to enable a node to be considered
  part of the allowed topology.

>   In the example manifest, PersistentVolumes for this StorageClass must have a label
>   `topology.kubernetes.io/zone`,   with a label value of either `zone1` or `zone2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  According to example manifest, PersistentVolumes for this StorageClass must be in one of two allowed zones
  (`zone1` or `zone2`). Each PersistentVolume can only be in a single topology zone.
  The label match on `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` specifies this restriction.
```
